The car was a fun spot to sit on.
No woman would buy that.
The cat jumped over the fence.
I think she likes me.
He wondered what else he could craft with those.
She didn't have anything to do, so she wandered around the city.
School violence is a major problem.
She liked to wear a lot of rings.
I’m the designated driver.
Tom could be a big help to you, I think.
I can do what you said.
When we started out in 2008, we wrote down a list of people that we wanted to hire, then went out and hired them.
The game looked fun, but all the pieces were missing.
On her next trip to California, she really wants to try In-N-Out.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
I have 10 hair curlers.
She liked Dune, but it didn't pass the Bechdel Test.
This carpet is big enough to cover the whole floor.
My show is going to come back soon.
That park does not have a soccer field.
After he arrives, we’ll all come out.
That is very nice of you to say.
I'm not 100% sure, but I think postmodern neo-marxists have something to do with it.
I have seen the real you.
Any day will do.
Selling hand-made objects is the main source of income for locals.
I don't like rain.
I want a complete list of your books.
She liked first dates but got nervous after that.
She was terrified of her building's elevator.
A big fire broke out after the earthquake.
Learning about other countries history is fun.
We have bigger fish to fry.
The book about women's rights was so profound it made her cry.
You have a red stain on your sweater.
He is the happiest man alive.
The school principal was so mean that all the children were scared of him.
The smoke was high in the sky.
In her dreams, she was a Health and Wellness Reporter at the New York Times, but she knew she had a long way to go before she would get there.
They wrote the specials on the chalkboard in multi-colored chalks.
Tom has big plans.
"Run, Patricia!" Stephen yelled.
The feature is available in both front-load and top-load washers.
It took quite a while.
I am not very fond of the way you treat people.
My water bottle is white and made of steel.
He was a slow-moving man.
I want to stand up.
Everything has a beginning and an end.
She wanted an old-fashioned globe with cool, faded colors.
Everyone mocked her for getting a philosophy degree, but she got a well-paying job after college.
I like salad and green beans.
She swims every morning.
I could help mom around here.
This hall holds 2,000 people.
He slowly began to realize the error of his ways.
Your reputation as an eccentric will rapidly grow in the neighborhood if you’re seen walking a pet ostrich on a leash every morning.
The plant was dying a sad little death.
She thought math tests were the devil's work, and as a kid, actually wondered if her teacher, Mrs. Madison, was Satan.
The gang's all her.
She was determined to summit Mount Everest before she turned twenty-nine.
The fan is blowing in my face right now.
We should hang soon.
He hung a picture on the wall.
I'm not a big fan of blueberry pancakes.
Today is Sunday, which means tomorrow is Monday and yesterday was Saturday.
When she visited Chicago, she made sure to stop at the Art Institute and see The Nighthawks by Edward Hopper.
We go to the gym club together.
I own a lot of property in Chicago.
She kept her stuffed animal from childhood on a shelf above her desk.
The dessert tasted very sweet.
I go back to bedroom.
If I had to take a guess, I’d say she’s about 35 years old.
He had always believed in magic.
It was windy and my hair was blowing all over my face.
She read Little House on the Prairie as a child and decided to pretend like she did not have running water.
The Avengers are stupid.
To be honest, I'm twenty.
I owe you a big one for getting me out of the jam.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I need to pack for my trip.
Everything has a beginning and an end.
Cows are smelly.
I don’t think he will win his game.
The grocery store wrote the weekly sales on poster board and taped them up in their windows.
You may take either the big box or the small one.
He adds something different to the team.
The moms and dads all sat around drinking coffee and eating donuts.
You can always count on your pet pig to perform some tricks for you when you’d like to impress a pretty girl.
Let's hang out soon.
We finished a bottle of wine between the two of us.
In France, she accidentally bought a pepperoni pizza when she meant to get cheese.
He cleaned my teeth really well.
Those hairless cats are completely loyal to their owners.
She had a hard time finding laundry detergent when she was traveling.
My favorite snack is pretzels.
She hated Christmas, all the more so because her parents loved it.
You are bringing unresolved emotion into everything.
It’s as quick as lightning.
Juliet flipped through the book carefully.
He’s a chemistry whiz.
Whitening your teeth can be bad for them.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
I need to make a burger.
He had a sore throat so I gave him my bottle of water and told him to keep it.
His muscles are so big.
I am to blame for her death.
The movie industry became a big business.
I want your life to be better than mine was.
I want chocolate.
I am a genius.
Show me your rates, please.
Paul gave me a present.
He is the happiest man alive.
I’d like to be catcalled.
As a child, her house was surrounded by towering oak trees which she always thought were one bad storm away from toppling.
They made crispy chicken.
The recipe says to use one tablespoon.
My grandmother's death was a big shock.
That's an outright lie.