The car was a fun spot to sit on.
No woman would buy that.
The cat jumped over the fence.
I think she likes me.
He wondered what else he could craft with those.
She didn't have anything to do, so she wandered around the city.
School violence is a major problem.
She liked to wear a lot of rings.
I’m the designated driver.
Tom could be a big help to you, I think.
I can do what you said.
When we started out in 2008, we wrote down a list of people that we wanted to hire, then went out and hired them.
The game looked fun, but all the pieces were missing.
On her next trip to California, she really wants to try In-N-Out.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
I have 10 hair curlers.
She liked Dune, but it didn't pass the Bechdel Test.
This carpet is big enough to cover the whole floor.
My show is going to come back soon.
That park does not have a soccer field.
After he arrives, we’ll all come out.
That is very nice of you to say.
I'm not 100% sure, but I think postmodern neo-marxists have something to do with it.
I have seen the real you.
Any day will do.
Selling hand-made objects is the main source of income for locals.
I don't like rain.
I want a complete list of your books.
She liked first dates but got nervous after that.
She was terrified of her building's elevator.
A big fire broke out after the earthquake.
Learning about other countries history is fun.
We have bigger fish to fry.
The book about women's rights was so profound it made her cry.
You have a red stain on your sweater.
He is the happiest man alive.
The school principal was so mean that all the children were scared of him.
The smoke was high in the sky.
In her dreams, she was a Health and Wellness Reporter at the New York Times, but she knew she had a long way to go before she would get there.
They wrote the specials on the chalkboard in multi-colored chalks.
Tom has big plans.
"Run, Patricia!" Stephen yelled.
The feature is available in both front-load and top-load washers.
It took quite a while.
I am not very fond of the way you treat people.
My water bottle is white and made of steel.
He was a slow-moving man.
I want to stand up.
Everything has a beginning and an end.
She wanted an old-fashioned globe with cool, faded colors.
Everyone mocked her for getting a philosophy degree, but she got a well-paying job after college.
I like salad and green beans.
She swims every morning.
I could help mom around here.
This hall holds 2,000 people.
He slowly began to realize the error of his ways.
Your reputation as an eccentric will rapidly grow in the neighborhood if you’re seen walking a pet ostrich on a leash every morning.
The plant was dying a sad little death.
She thought math tests were the devil's work, and as a kid, actually wondered if her teacher, Mrs. Madison, was Satan.
The gang's all her.
She was determined to summit Mount Everest before she turned twenty-nine.
The fan is blowing in my face right now.
We should hang soon.
He hung a picture on the wall.
I'm not a big fan of blueberry pancakes.
Today is Sunday, which means tomorrow is Monday and yesterday was Saturday.
When she visited Chicago, she made sure to stop at the Art Institute and see The Nighthawks by Edward Hopper.
We go to the gym club together.
I own a lot of property in Chicago.
She kept her stuffed animal from childhood on a shelf above her desk.
The dessert tasted very sweet.
I go back to bedroom.
If I had to take a guess, I’d say she’s about 35 years old.
He had always believed in magic.
It was windy and my hair was blowing all over my face.
She read Little House on the Prairie as a child and decided to pretend like she did not have running water.
The Avengers are stupid.
To be honest, I'm twenty.
I owe you a big one for getting me out of the jam.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I need to pack for my trip.
Everything has a beginning and an end.
Cows are smelly.
I don’t think he will win his game.
The grocery store wrote the weekly sales on poster board and taped them up in their windows.
You may take either the big box or the small one.
He adds something different to the team.
The moms and dads all sat around drinking coffee and eating donuts.
You can always count on your pet pig to perform some tricks for you when you’d like to impress a pretty girl.
Let's hang out soon.
We finished a bottle of wine between the two of us.
In France, she accidentally bought a pepperoni pizza when she meant to get cheese.
He cleaned my teeth really well.
Those hairless cats are completely loyal to their owners.
She had a hard time finding laundry detergent when she was traveling.
My favorite snack is pretzels.
She hated Christmas, all the more so because her parents loved it.
You are bringing unresolved emotion into everything.
It’s as quick as lightning.
Juliet flipped through the book carefully.
He’s a chemistry whiz.
Whitening your teeth can be bad for them.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
I need to make a burger.
He had a sore throat so I gave him my bottle of water and told him to keep it.
His muscles are so big.
I am to blame for her death.
The movie industry became a big business.
I want your life to be better than mine was.
I want chocolate.
I am a genius.
Show me your rates, please.
Paul gave me a present.
He is the happiest man alive.
I’d like to be catcalled.
As a child, her house was surrounded by towering oak trees which she always thought were one bad storm away from toppling.
They made crispy chicken.
The recipe says to use one tablespoon.
My grandmother's death was a big shock.
That's an outright lie.
She didn't like to support Amazon, but she was too lazy to go shopping anywhere else.
I am a football fan.
He will blame you for the accident.
All the swings are empty.
We are starting to enter a new chapter.
You find people expressing many different opinions.
He said the telegram had arrived at noon.
I have a crush on Albert.
Old habits die hard.
I like Atlanta.
Her hands were all scabbed over.
Tom's a lot smarter than me.
There are new deals every single day.
She’s trying to drown her sorrows.
I’m convinced that you don’t actually like me.
She ate a sandwich for lunch which contained turkey, cheddar cheese, and slices of strawberries.
I recently lost $140 at the Casino in Cleveland because of multiple poor decisions on my part.
This room is just about big enough.
Tom pulled out a big wad of cash out of his pocket.
You're a huge help.
They have a big lunch and a small dinner.
Do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received.
Kids are wearing masks.
They have a big lunch and a small dinner.
Do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received.
Kids are wearing masks.
They have a big lunch and a small dinner.
I think you should stop charging so much money.
I am so thankful for this opportunity.
He thought the movie was great except for the scene with the cantaloupe.
She froze at the sight of the big spider.
He wanted to go for a walk but it was too cold to go outside.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Everyone was in on the joke except for me.
You’ll be surprised by the beautiful things you’ll be able to make.
He ordered a latte.
Star Trek is interesting to watch.
I have a name and a surname.
The tape got stuck on my lips so I couldn't talk anymore.
I had just gotten the face where I wanted it when my classmate bumped into me and the clay fell over.
New York is called the Big Apple.
You can’t give your phone number to every man who asks for it.
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood's biggest extravaganza.
I don’t know where he is right now.
I couldn’t put it down when it was so thrilling.
They moved the house across the state with them.
There were rats all over the neighborhood.
Penguins live in Antarctica.
I take ten minutes to get there.
I'm just trying to stop you from making a big mistake.
I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete.
It's just too bad about the people though.
My dad makes yogurt a lot.
We should be able to resolve our differences.
She bought her shoes at a fake market in Shanghai, where they cost her only $5.
This shop is much nicer.
I was in so much pain I didn’t want to get up in the morning.
Her paintings are works of art.
Her stuffed rabbit, which she had had since she was a little girl, was named Creamy Guava.
A small town lies between the big cities.
I had to check Facebook to figure out her last name.
I have never seen someone try so hard.
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
They'll show you the way home when you’re drunk.
I don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
This could change all of our lives.
I'm going to the concert.
I want racecars to be legal for average people.
Sometimes she absolutely loved falafel, but other times just the thought of it made her stomach turn.
I will buy your return ticket in next a few days.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
I can be greedy sometimes.
I stepped on a piece of gum today.
Being fashionable is expensive.
She ordered a mass box of fifty-two mac and cheese packets online.
He writes meaningless letters.
As a kid, she thought that dinosaurs were still alive and lived in the woods behind her house.
Tokyo is a very large city.
China is twenty times bigger than Japan.
She went to the pier.
I left some donuts on the side of the road.
Becoming an adult is great because you can do whatever you want.
You can’t give your phone number to every man who asks for it.
Yes, it is unfair to the people who paid off their student loans to cancel everyone's debt now.
The monkey bit the apple and spat it at the giraffe.
It was a misunderstanding.
I went to the store and bought two bananas, a pear, and three apples.
He had always believed in magic.
He has a nice sum of money put away.
He has the ability to carry out big plans.
I especially appreciate how helpful and kind you’ve been throughout this entire process.
To be honest with you, I am older than you think.
I don't like close spaces.
I wish I grew up in the South and learned about country music earlier.
I need to clean my room.
My turtle can be opinionated.
She has blue eyes.
She told him to bring a couple flashlights when they met up.
In France, she accidentally bought a pepperoni pizza when she meant to get cheese.
Some people have all the luck.
I’d be very surprised if that happened.
Her flight took her to Singapore by way of Sydney.
You're the best person I know.
He would snore loudly during his nap.
This is real life.
After he arrives, we’ll all come out.
She found a cool vintage sweatshirt while thrifting.
We should hang soon.
I want many things for myself.
He says he is you from the future, and he has come back to warn you about one thing: "you must act only according to that maxim whereby you can, at the same time, will that it should become a universal law!".
She was interested in photography but couldn't afford a camera.
Her friend had a white Persian cat called Milky Boy.
I don't know much about banking.
I accidentally left my money in my pants pocket and it got ruined in the washer.
The statue was of a golden businessman with the face of a cat.
She was an extremely fast typer, and could usually manage over ninety words a minute.
Books are hard to get into.
The Avengers are stupid.
You can't talk to me unless you tell me your favorite color.
It’s getting dark.
In Australia, there is a store called PieFace which sells meat pies with smiley faces on them.
The chandelier swayed in the breeze, sending dust drifting over the tables.
She got her panties in a wad.
The slow red fox ducked under the giant dog.
I had the incredible opportunity to participate in a study abroad.
I’m also too poor to afford a real office.
There used to be big trees around my house.
There are just so many card games.
When the fire alarm went off, she almost started crying.
My goal is to save lives, not cost them.
The antique store was not like any antique store she had seen before in her life.
Tom is wearing clothes that are too big for him.
You're already big enough to do it by yourself.
Tom recognized three of the names on the list.
No, I haven’t cleaned my room yet.
Sometimes she absolutely loved falafel, but other times just the thought of it made her stomach turn.
One of the big issues in the campaign was taxes.
I smelled the fragrance of garlic cooking.
You’ll get a chance to come closer to nature, meet lots of different animals, birds, and plants.
Tom scanned the list, but couldn't find his name.
He won the race through his determination and focus.
She ripped a big hole in the back of her jeans and didn't notice for hours.
Tom gave Mary an obvious wink.
I'm sure Tom's name isn't on the list.
When the cat's away, the mice play.
Tom realized he could be making a big mistake.
She hoped she wasn't about to get fired.
The pig put his snout through the fence.
She liked the feeling of the keyboard under her fingers.
He didn't mean to smash the window.
I love my friends.
One morning, I found an elephant in my pajamas.
They gave a big party for me.
I bought these boots at Goodwill.
You look especially nice tonight.
I was bored to death in the middle of class.
It’s not so bad when you think of the positive impacts.
We have a big stove which keeps us very toasty.
Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you.
Back in the day, I was a checker-playing champion.
He’s as strong as an ox.
The boys like superheroes.
This is a real step forward.
Allergies made him sneeze a lot.
I'm going to see a movie.
The bleeding isn't Tom's biggest problem.
He has a chip on his shoulder.
Today is the first day he made it to work on time in a while.
The Golden Age in many countries died down due to wars.
The rat sniffed around the maze, looking for cheese.
The cruise cut through the Bermuda Triangle.
The Communists are considered bad because they failed in carrying out their ideal of ending inequality.
She told him to grow up.
She wanted to be healthy, so she bought plain cake donuts instead of the ones covered in chocolate.
My mother never lies.
He will do anything but work.
I used to hear lawn mowers every day, but since I moved to the city, all I hear is the drone of city buses.
Mary brushes her teeth twice a day.
Coca-cola is yummy.
To save you such embarrassment, here are a few simple examples.
You'd better look before you jump.
She was beaming.
She took offense at his comment.
I'm not a fan of writing letters.
My boyfriend loves this song.
I am completely drunk.
Tom has big plans.
That's the biggest grasshopper I've ever seen.
Tokyo is a very large city.
She wanted Chipotle but didn't want to pay for it.
The coach smiled at the player who tossed the frisbee.
In fact, now that I think about it, it is unfair to improve society in any way whatsoever.
Rosa crossed Mary's name off the list.
It is clear that he has made a big mistake.
I have already completed 4 out of 6 tasks I need to do today.
I like blueberries and mangoes but not strawberries.
If you don't get me a cheetah for Christmas, I will tell everyone you are the worst parents ever.
It is necessary that he should be sent there at once.
Japanese tourists abroad are big spenders.
He was such a beautiful man she reconsidered her current relationship.
We have a big oak tree in our backyard.
I brush my teeth and comb my hair.
I'm not as big a fool as you think I am.
I was scared to go to a monster movie, but my dad said he would sit with me, so we went last night.
I want white teeth.
I can't believe you went skydiving last week.
Tigers live at the zoo.
There's a scary thunderstorm on way.
I was hung over.
I’ve been able to cure my neighbor’s sick cat.
I caught a catfish yesterday with my bare hands.
It's so sunny outside.
The shower was too hot when I first got into it.
He's always at home on Sundays.
She loved nature documentaries, but she had a weird grudge against David Attenborough.
I will take you to the movies only if you wait for me outside.
In the United Kingdom, about six weeks of vacation time is considered standard for employees.
I like veggies too.
An ENT removed the bug from his ear.
I don’t know where he is right now.
My efforts resulted in nothing.
I could help mom around here.
You did right in me by telling the truth.
He made tuna noodle casserole for their first anniversary dinner, not realizing she found it disgusting.
The horse raced past the barn and fell.
He’s in a class of his own.
That's one of her favorite activities: to put on a classic rock playlist and wake surf until she couldn't feel her legs.
To expand my knowledge on the topic, I read a book.
I think I should shoot him.
You can’t know what she is feeling.
There are chips that I want in that vending machine.
She constantly worried about accidentally burning her house down.
There is a hefty ransom.
Sue was her favorite classmate.
She wasn't sure if she liked her job or not, but she was sure it was better than being unemployed.
Three big men attacked him and stole his money.
They wouldn't let us leave the cabin in the middle of the night, not even to pee.
It's the third largest city in Serbia.
The boys are in the championship wrestling match.
I can’t believe how right I was back then.
A red jacket compliments any outfit.
He got shot in the stomach, but he didn't die.
Rania is his own dearest enemy.
The siblings could help each other.
A big fire broke out after the earthquake.
She said nothing and left the room.
You use this when someone is very afraid or very sick.
I’d like to make a toast.
The door slammed down on my hand, and I screamed like a little baby.
My sister just got home.
The gorilla beat his chest.
They sleep in the afternoon.
I want to talk about something.
Selling hand-made objects is the main source of income for locals.
She decided to take the bus because it was supposed to be quicker, but then it ended up being twenty minutes late.
I have a good idea.
That's an outright lie.
It’s as dry as a bone.
There are eggs in the nest.
I'm sorry I'm such a big disappointment to you.
This company's profit margin is very big.
I went to California with my mom for a weekend girl's trip.
Deodorant helps to prevent embarrassing moments.
I don’t think you should go out with him.
This weekend is going to be the best weekend ever.
He wore a red shirt with orange pants and green shoes.
They had been dating for seven years by the time they got engaged.
The enemy destroyed the city.
That will do.
Tom is fat-headed.
She is my elder sister.
I have an ever growing list of to-do items.
You're simply the best.
China is twenty times bigger than Japan.
They saw giraffes.
My computer gets really heavy after a while.
There is a bridge over there.
I like the Wimbledon.
I'm not as big a fool as you think I am.
Tom wants to move into a bigger house.
This is the biggest fish that I have ever caught.
Her writing was good, but almost overwritten, because she tried to make every single sentence interesting.
I heard you two had a fight.
Anyone who wants to give charity to the poor, but not give the poor a vote in how the resources are spent, is actively working to entrench the power of the wealthy to control society.
I was okay the second I shot him.
In Chicago, in December, it got dark at 4 pm.
Every time I come in here, you're enthusiastic and helpful, and it's fantastic to see.
She was very hungry but unwilling to cut their coffee date short.
He is bigger than all the other boys.
They lived in Germany until 1939.
This weekend is going to be the best weekend ever.
People living in a big city tend to lack exercise.
We have a dinner setup for us.
I have fewer brothers than you.
The horse raced past the barn and fell.
Bumble is better.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
These men are hard at work.
It was a tough time.
She likes to play soccer.
She meant the world to me.
I’ll do it sometime in the future, but I don’t know exactly when.
The tape was so sticky that, when it got stuck to my eyebrows, it wouldn't come off.
The rest of the party attendees had fallen silent.
This is a sarcastic phrase meaning that something unlucky happened.
It is the morning.
Tom recognized three of the names on the list.
I like your haircut.
My favorite snack is pretzels.
It's not such a big problem You're worrying way too much.
She liked him until he said he was a Marxist.
The big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house.
He wondered what else he could craft with those.
Complaining is a bad habit.
I prefer walking to driving in a big city like Tokyo.
George brushes his teeth twice a day.
The green trees out the window swayed in the wind.
I want to have fun with you.
I’d be very surprised if that happened.
Paying your rent is not your biggest worry.
There used to be a pine tree in front of my house.
You can’t give your phone number to every man who asks for it.
All that glitters is not gold.
Tokyo is bigger than Rome.
My friends are getting dinner tonight,.
She regretted not going until she saw the pictures they posted of the meet-up and realized she would have been the only woman there.
I’d like to talk about the benefits of having a pet pig.
Lincoln shot them.
He’s a bit tipsy.
My mom drove me to school fifteen minutes late on Tuesday.
Tom made a big donation to the hospital.
She was starting to run out of things to say.
My efforts resulted in nothing.
You could release half of us.
Black attracts sunlight more than white.
I hope your trip is relaxing.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with right now.
She likes bananas.
Back in the day, I was a checker-playing champion.
I wanted to do well in the interview.
Options are limited.
Mrs. Lee’s class took a field trip to Austin.
I have the tulips.
I want to meet his sister-in-law.
The black rocks are smooth.
I speak English.
We stayed an extra night because we were having so much fun.
Tom's apartment is way too big for just one man.
She had never read any Nabokov, though she knew he was a classic writer.
Tom is already on top of it.
They employed him as a consultant.
Most people likely believe that a majority of our ability to taste things comes from our taste buds.
This is the biggest car in the world.
Mark seems to think growing a mustache will make him look more mature.
The sooner I get to bed the better.
You took out someone you cared for.
You're already big enough to do it by yourself.
That's an outright lie.
When I was a child, our house seemed bigger than now.
He didn't want to go to the party, but he had already said he would go.
He is my neighbour.
She wished her mom lived in the city so she could buy her dinner.
I didn't realize that the app was an invitation-only kind of thing.
I have no doubt that you’re going to nail this interview.
Those pants are too tight.
I've got other problems.
The girl picked the pink flower out of her garden.
It seems all right.
A man who looks like an older version of you appears in a flash.
She was convinced that vampires composed more than 50% of the world's population.
I just passed the funniest bridge.
Donald made a list of things he wanted to do before he died.
He had an old pickup truck and a big, battered mower.
She had long, yellow fingernails.
I made bacon.
My dog, Jake, barked at the mail carrier.
You could release half of us.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
There used to be a big cherry tree behind my house.
Besides not eating much, they won’t ever chew on your electric cords.
Children actors do their best, but they're generally very bad at being convincing.
I could help dad around here.
She was an extremely fast typer, and could usually manage over ninety words a minute.
My dad needs a new job.
Tom realized he could be making a big mistake.
I used to hear lawn mowers every day, but since I moved to the city, all I hear is the drone of city buses.
I made some eggs.
She is my elder sister.
It’s fascinating that you know all the planets.
There are chips that I want in that vending machine.
This weekend is going to be the best weekend ever.
That's an outright lie.
The sumo wrestlers are starting to fight.
To give you an example of another American voice, here is a young lady from Iowa who will teach you.
This should help you remember.
Mom made me a sandwich.
I am about as tall as my father now.
I thought about possibly taking it over myself.
I have no money at the moment.
When John goes on a date, he's known to be a big spender.
They were short staffed, so it took over an hour for her to get her burrito.
I went to the dentist for a check-up.
There is a lot of crime in big cities.
The earth goes round the sun.
She had always liked the look of leather pants but was too insecure to wear them herself.
Pandas are so adorable.
I only eat fish.
She wasn't sure what to expect when they told her she was having twins.
It smells very delicious in the kitchen.
These dogs are so sweet.
She doesn’t study German on Mondays.
I got my finger stuck in the door when I slammed it.
Glass is better than plastic for nice dinners.
I will put my food on the placemat.
The cat jumped over the fence.
He had a sore throat so I gave him my bottle of water and told him to keep it.
We took refuge behind a tree.
He neither smokes nor drinks.
Her paintings are works of art.
He’s stretching the truth.
I can see you.
She wished she had taken the other job.
I turn off the light.
Any cop who claims not to like donuts is a liar.
It snows a lot in winter in Russia.
When she visited Chicago, she made sure to stop at the Art Institute and see The Nighthawks by Edward Hopper.
She reads like a child playing dress-up, an intern clothing herself out of her mother’s old work clothes.
I want to meet his sister-in-law.
I'm going to make you a list of what to buy.
I am a little mad right now.
This company's profit margin is very big.
My pet turtle, Jim, got out of his cage and I could not find him anywhere.
Henderson started the American Communist's Club when they were in tenth grade.
English Speaking Courses are the hardest ones.
The squirrel snuck inside the house and ended up in the toilet.
There was a big earthquake last night.
I love my college friends.
His voice was pitchy and weak, partially because he was so nervous.
Your neighbor cut down my trees.
My cat runs very fast.
I'm your lucky fellow then.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with.
I almost hit a wild rooster crossing the road and that’s pretty much the Kansas experience.
You may choose what to eat from this list.
I think that little device on the wall is a bomb.
You connect with nature, and whether you plant flowers or vegetables, you get great satisfaction once the fruits of your labor start appearing.
We are completely in love.
Sometimes you just gotta roll with the punches.
I'm a huge fan of the arts.
She said nothing and left the room.
She liked to wear a lot of rings.
He took a thirty-minute shower, and by the time he stepped out, his fingers were as wrinkled as prunes.
She is my younger sister.
Many large cities have smog.
The dog barked at the cat.
It rather suprised me.
That was a stroke of luck.
We're leaving in ten minutes, whether you're dressed or not.
My favorite one smells like roses.
I have seen the real you.
Business costs will go down.
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
I've never seen a whale that big.
He changed his favorite color by the day.
It was a big honor to be asked to give a speech.
Her flight took her to Singapore by way of Sydney.
She wanted to be a professor when she was in high school, but then she realized how few academic jobs there are on the market.
You may take either the big box or the small one.
The fossil belongs to a fish.
Tom also broke his big toe on his right foot.
She miscalculated the amount of broth in her soup and inadvertently boiled it all off.
I don't know how to spell a lot of things.
I have lived in Shanghai for a long time.
The spoon lay next to the fork.
Always stop when you see the sign.
"We're over the hill now!" he called over his shoulder.
We're no different from anyone else.
I want to know what is going on.
I speak English.
Time is of the essence.
The box was wrapped in paper with tiny silver and red glitter dots.
She had five piercings in each ear.
The statue was of a golden businessman with the face of a cat.
Her mother offered to send her money every month, but she was too embarrassed to accept it.
The cafe is empty aside from an old man reading a book about Aristotle.
We need congressional support.
She was riding on a high-speed train.
Yes, every tweet so far has been bad, but scientists are hopeful that one day we will discover a way to make good tweets.
They are cruel to the animals.
I bet he’ll be late.
The sooner I get to bed the better.
Coca-cola is yummy.
He broke his promise, which was a big mistake.
Healthy beautiful smiles are what we like to see.
The gang's all her.
It is usually the best singer who wins the show.
It is illegal to buy and sell tigers and other big cats in the United States.
I was so mad that I yelled at him at the top of my lungs.
I've narrowed the list of possibilities down to three.
The tape got stuck on my lips so I couldn't talk anymore.
I think that little device on the wall is a bomb.
The tornado went down her street, straight past her house, and picked up a raccoon.
He drew all over his yearbook.
The lake looked brown and foamy, like the water was filled with sand.
I have fewer brothers than you.
The play ran a big advertisement in the newspapers.
We are all in favor of this plan.
They were short staffed, so it took over an hour for her to get her burrito.
That woman is creepy.
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
She threw her back out.
There are so many cute places to eat around here.
I'm cutting down on sweets.
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
His stomach was sore from the punch.
They are so loud.
I'd like you to show me where the sweaters are.
I raised my hand to ask a question.
She desperately wanted an order of Kung Pao chicken.
She liked brick, but only interesting, old, faded brick.
I wonder why they left my name off the list.
I could cook dinner.
Tom is really tall.
You say this after someone fails, and you hope they do better next time.
I haven’t been invited.
I was taking care of the dog.
They had a very bad breakup.
You can start from the basic stitches, and go from there.
I would not want to be in that situation.
I was excited to spend time with my wife without being interrupted by kids.
Her stuffed rabbit, which she had had since she was a little girl, was named Creamy Guava.
She didn't understand why everyone loved his music so much.
My pen broke and leaked blue ink all over my new dress.
I do have a crush, but it's not mutual.
Tom has a big box of stuff in my attic.
Criticizing racists isn't a repression of free speech, it is free speech.
He camped out in front of the tree to save it, but they just waited until he was asleep to move him and knock it down.
I caught a catfish yesterday with my bare hands.
We won’t be taking you with us.
It is sad that his dog got ran over by a truck.
It's so expensive I want to die.
Dad is going to work.
I am the designated survivor.
The submarine circumvented the entire globe, going through the Atlantic all the way to the Pacific and back.
Toy Story is the best movie I’ve ever seen.
She was always worried that everyone secretly hated her.
I want to invest in some stocks now.
I had so much hope in the beginning.
Unless they have a good wine list, I don't want to eat here.
There used to be a big cherry tree in the garden.
Robert tends to talk big.
He failed his French test.
I spread the map on the table.
It's not going to be a problem.
I want racecars to be legal for average people.
The dog chased the cat around the block four times.
Nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer.
She mixed up the recipes and accidentally made a beef parfait.
She kept getting distracted by her own face in the camera viewfinder.
She was curling her hair when she accidentally burned her forehead.
She had strange, green and purple eyes.
Money doesn't grow on trees.
She liked Dune, but it didn't pass the Bechdel Test.
You know what I mean.
She felt burnt out but there was nothing she could do about it.
It's not such a big problem You're worrying way too much.
Her Youtube video was demonetized because it had a copyrighted song in it.
My dad killed my houseplants.
Over time, she realized she would never know how to cook.
He wanted to give his boyfriend a hug, but he was in Slovakia.
He is the person to see.
He had always wanted to be a Youtuber but never thought it would actually happen.
There's a scary thunderstorm on way.
Jessica wants a new book.
One constellation that most people know is the Big Dipper.
Tigers are gorgeous.
She meant the world to me.
Tom could be a big help to you, I think.
Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
Albert Einstein was kind of smart.
The chocolate chip cookies smelled so good that I ate one without asking.
I hate scammers.
I'm starving.
The sea sparkled in the sunlight.
They don’t go to school tomorrow.
I love you more than I've ever loved my dog.
Always stop when you see the sign.
Here's my big brother.
The volume was up too high on the television.
The sumo wrestlers are starting to fight.
I stepped on a piece of gum today.
I need to clean my room.
Toy Story is the best movie I’ve ever seen.
He continued talking.
If only I could fly.
He showed us how to snap the pencil.
They'll show you the way home when you’re drunk.
Gus and Jack are selling toys outside their house.
I need to go home.
She has a beehive full of bees.
The car was a fun spot to sit on.
Over the years, she learned how to make a neat scarf.
I learned this recipe from my grandma, who learned it from hers.
She wanted to be a tutor but had a hard time getting started.
The way you said that didn't make sense.
This tree is bigger than all the others.
The dancer gave him a cigarette.
The ocean is my favorite view.
You must know the sound of each letter in the English alphabet.
The view is breathtaking.
I don't know where the list of my friends went.
I didn't know that was an option.
I'm asking as a friend.
She liked brick, but only interesting, old, faded brick.
I am extra ticklish for some reason.
She’s lying or at least not telling the entire truth.
The truck has a missile on the back.
I take ten minutes to get there.
I'll be back tomorrow, and we can decide together then.
She loved nature documentaries, but she had a weird grudge against David Attenborough.
We have a bigger problem than we thought.
Matthew went home.
I didn't know why my dad would have something like that.
This is the biggest dog in the world.
We have the advantage.
Yes, he’s very good-looking.
I'm always on time.
No, I can't clean your house It's too big!.
Good location choice.
This hall holds 2,000 people.
Tom took a big breath and blew out the candles.
It's so hot.
I'm sick of online dating.
You'd better look before you jump.
This morning, my pet turtle, Jim, got out of his cage, and it took me hours to find him.
I'm starving.
She liked to support independent coffee shops, but often couldn't afford the price-tags of their custom brews.
A ninety-year-old man finished the Athens marathon last year.
A skirt can be fancier than jeans.
The fan was blowing on my feet.
I wonder if she dressed herself as hastily as we did: the room still dark, neither of us awake enough to remember to turn on the light switch, the echo of the telephone bells in our ears.
Nicky is a carpenter and 911 operator.
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
She never should have gone to that bar.
To be honest, she didn't know what to do.
He will get tackled if he doesn't hustle.
His story is fishy.
That big boy is bullying the little children.
He had a knife to his throat.
He had to wear the cast for two months.
She is putting on red lipstick.
A skirt can be fancier than jeans.
This morning, my pet turtle, Jim, got out of his cage, and it took me hours to find him.
The teacher tested us in English.
I will take you to the movies only if you wait for me outside.
Tom has a tiny apartment.
Juice was something I never drank.
I have a name and a surname.
Cats hate water.
I'm not a big fan of snacking.
Big Brother is watching.
He got a tattoo with another woman.
I wish Ubers weren't so expensive.
I could help dad around here.
I can't find the page you're talking about.
She was shaking like a chihuahua.
Ivory Coast is the world's largest producer of cocoa.
It is clear that he has made a big mistake.
My dad killed my houseplants.
I’ve been able to cure my neighbor’s sick cat.
What I remember is that she was with us at 8 pm.
My dad never works on the weekends.
I've never voted with him on anything.
She thought math tests were the devil's work, and as a kid, actually wondered if her teacher, Mrs. Madison, was Satan.
I have my hair cut every month.
The security is the safest around.
I love this headline so much.
She knows New York like the back of her hand.
That box is too big to put in the trunk of the car.
I made a big mistake thinking he was an honest man.
Toothpaste will help keep your teeth clean.
He is my elder brother.
I had a hangover.
I'll be back.
I am doing business.
And I took the road less traveled by, just to be a hipster.
The red van was pulling a trailer with a beat-up lawn mower on it.
Tom started a list so he wouldn't forget anything.
They wrote the specials on the chalkboard in multi-colored chalks.
We may have good reason to be proud of ourselves.
I want to see the film again.
It’s as quick as lightning.
You can decide before your flight here on Thursday morning.
It’s not very likely that she went out for lunch.
I was a baby when I was born.
Tom put our names on the board.
He has been looking for this portal for decades.
The squirrel snuck inside the house and ended up in the toilet.
I don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
We can go to the museum.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
Tom also broke his big toe on his right foot.
You have a really big day ahead of you.
The wall has ears.
I have one big brother and two little sisters.
She knew they were going to sabotage her, but she had no way to stop them.
Last night I got scared because of the movie I watched.
He already has a lovely wife.
Our house is a historic building and protected monument.
The snake in the grass made me jump.
I have no money at the moment.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
I went to the dentist the other day and he let me pick a prize out of the prize box.
I’d like to honor an event.
She repotted her plants instead of doing work because she felt lazy.
I’ve done a psychic healing course.
I need to start stealing things.
That's why they pay us the big bucks.
I’d be very surprised if that happened.
I speak English.
I just walked on the furriest lawn.
I thought I wanted to work in an office, but now I'm not so sure.
I don't like rain.
She wanted to get gastric bypass surgery, but her insurance wouldn't cover it.
There are too many people talking at once.
We can’t get there on time.
He wore a costume to the party.
We need a car big enough for the whole family.
He's always at home on Sundays.
She didn't drink, but she didn't want people to realize that, so she ordered a ginger ale at the bar.
The mouse was so hungry he ran across the kitchen floor without even looking for humans.
I know that there was a big church here.
She wished her mom lived in the city so she could buy her dinner.
She wasn't sure how people with full-time jobs managed the lack of vacation days.
The chandelier swayed in the breeze, sending dust drifting over the tables.
She started crying after she finished the song.
The majority of banks are introducing this system.
We are starting to enter a new chapter.
She wished she had bought Bitcoin back in 2010.
Truman's first big problem was the economy.
She went over to see if her name was there.
She loved Thailand so much that she seriously considered never going home.
You’re not allowed to use your phone here.
I have seen the real you.
The orange tree in her backyard was blown away by the hurricane.
She liked vintage jeans because they fit her better.
The conversion rate of USD to Chinese RMB is approximately 1:6.
Your stance tells me.
She got stressed out whenever she saw a notification on her email.
I am Loki.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
She smiled so hard her front tooth popped out.
He got a tattoo with another woman.
There were rats all over the neighborhood.
I like geography and science.
This big sofa is really not suitable for a small room.
I don’t think he will win his game.
Tom has written down the things we need to do.
A new movie is better than an old one.
There've been some big changes made around here.
It's a significant part of history.
If I could recommend anything to try, it's my chiropractor, Hernando.
Tom is already on top of it.
She raised her hand to ask a question.
I don’t like tea.
I always felt a connection with you.
She kept her stuffed animal from childhood on a shelf above her desk.
There is a species of humans called 'hobbits' which were very short and lived on an island in Indonesia thousands of years ago.
I own a lot of property in Chicago.
I only eat glazed donuts.
Plenty of sleep is healthful.
She liked to support independent coffee shops, but often couldn't afford the price-tags of their custom brews.
Everyone likes pepperoni pizza.
This weekend is going to be the best weekend ever.
I told him I’d spank the suitcase for being bad.
A sun burn can peel if its bad enough.
I will have a baby in the near future.
It is not so easy as you think.
I trust you so much.
I’ll talk to him first thing in the morning.
I was so mad that I yelled at him at the top of my lungs.
She got hiccups and couldn't get rid of them for three hours.
We won’t be taking you with us.
You know what I mean.
His stomach was sore from the punch.
The businessman had many important meetings.
This mall is so big that I can't find the exit.
I want to be done with this.
I'd heard you were on the waiting list.
I am completely drunk.
The orange tree in her backyard was blown away by the hurricane.
She’s being economical with the truth.
He used a big piece of paper to make the bag.
He adds something different to the team.
I prefer walking to driving in a big city like Tokyo.
Neil Patrick Harris is one of the few famous people who can actually sing.
Things aren't always easy.
You have to share it with other tenants.
I don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
The old lady needed help crossing the street.
He wished he had waited to move out until after he had found a job.
She did it knowing it was wrong — knowing he wouldn't do as he promised, that her work was useless, that he was going to kill again anyway.
She spent a lot of money on books.
She resolved to stop speaking out people when she was out on her walks.
It’s bound to happen eventually.
I’ve asked you a thousand times not to leave your dirty socks on the floor.
I don’t wash the dishes.
I'm a fan of American cooking.
You must have your passport to enter.
What I remember is that she was with us at 8 pm.
The truth is, you really only have one choice.
Wes likes watching old movies on Sunday nights.
I can't tell you who's on the list because I haven't seen it yet.
If you don't give me your cookie, I will stomp on your foot and break your toes.
A sun burn can peel if its bad enough.
He feels small next to him.
He was excited to get on the ski slope.
Nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer.
He got on the teacher’s bad side.
Everyone knew about the slimy stuff she was up to.
This car is in good condition.
I got a smoothie while I was waiting for my plane to arrive.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
He said the telegram had arrived at noon.
Talking with you is a pleasure.
We see them every week.
I was bored to tears.
The number of miraculous self-healings will rise.
I own a lot of property in Beijing.
The puzzle was taking me so long to put together that I gave up and threw it in the garbage.
Let's go shopping.
They'll show you the way home when you’re drunk.
The old man liked to watch birds and go hunting for squirrels.
This is such a relatable mood.
She liked to support independent coffee shops, but often couldn't afford the price-tags of their custom brews.
I just ran by the church.
We'll allow a 5 percent discount off list prices.
A man who looks like an older version of you appears in a flash.
The gum on my shoe is too sticky.
I will take this bill to pay later.
Tell the leadership I will take full responsibility.
Mike's mother lived in a big city before she married.
She waited all day for her boss to call, but heard nothing.
I learned this recipe from my grandma, who learned it from hers.
It’s bound to happen eventually.
My sweater got caught on the door hinge.
He stood no chance against her in a fight.
He used a big piece of paper to make the bag.
Daya chose a song from the list to sing.
Henderson started the American Communist's Club when they were in tenth grade.
Chances are that you won’t do well if you don’t study.
Sometimes, books and movies made her feel things she couldn't explain.
Those are big watermelons.
Glazed donuts are amazing.
There was a big earthquake last night.
Seen from a distance, the rock looks like an old castle.
She got hiccups and couldn't get rid of them for three hours.
It would be quite impossible to enumerate all the things in existence.
He is my elder brother.
We are buzzing on this espresso.
This way you can start to heal.
It's just too bad about the people though.
I accidentally left my money in my pants pocket and it got ruined in the washer.
If only I could fly.
The concert was a real disappointment.
I have no idea.
Tom answered the first question on the test.
If you change your mind, just say the word and I'll be there.
Tom knew he'd just made a big mistake.
He invited me to dinner yesterday.
Tom is taking a big chance.
She wanted Chipotle but didn't want to pay for it.
He needed a new helmet because his got smashed when he was riding his bike.
I'll have to blow out my gas stove for my birthday, since I don't have any candles.
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.
My dad killed my houseplants.
It’s four a.m. and both of us would rather be asleep.
Big men are not always strong.
The cat jumped over the fence.
It’s intriguing that you are so smart at only 8 years old.
I'd like to check your blood pressure.
She took a screenshot of their conversation to send to a friend.
These are the things that I want from a relationship.
He wanted very badly to survive.
You’ll get a chance to come closer to nature, meet lots of different animals, birds, and plants.
He's working with theme.
It was their favorite store to shop at.
She got her panties in a wad.
My favorite one smells like roses.
I could cook dinner.
He thought the movie was great except for the scene with the cantaloupe.
She felt burnt out but there was nothing she could do about it.
Knowledge is power.
The girl wore her hair in two braids, tied with two blue bows.
He is tough, but I am even tougher.
You had me worried for a moment.
When she was six, Ivy said she wanted to be a raccoon when she grew up.
She got bent out of shape.
She worried that her inexperience was showing through, and she would never be hired again.
Your unintentional actions are problematic.
There are new deals every single day.
I can't find the page you're talking about.
I wouldn’t be surprised if Peter asked Jill to marry him.
Tom kept me from making a big mistake.
She had investments but was worried they would lose money.
We have been waiting for this for awhile.
The work itself is very easy.
I made bacon.
Tom picked up his glass and took a big sip of wine.
She was really into Harry Potter as a kid, but then she heard about the controversy with J.K. Rowling.
My family just got home.
I don't owe you anything.
You don't need 20 captains.
I am having his baby.
Please don't say any spoilers.
I went to the dentist the other day and he let me pick a prize out of the prize box.
When I think about space too much, it feels like my brain is going to explode.
This is the biggest fish that I have ever caught.
You don't have to make a big deal out of it.
The moms and dads all sat around drinking coffee and eating donuts.
I wanted to leave the room because I was mad.
According to Haidt’s Social Intuitionist Model of moral judgement, morality is both social and intuitionist.
Tom kept me from making a big mistake.
She thought squirrels tasted gross, but if she complained, her parents would yell at her.
She doesn’t teach chemistry.
A skirt can be fancier than jeans.
The concert was a real disappointment.
I don't like visiting cities.
I like asparagus and brussel sprouts.
She thought Portuguese sangria was absolutely disgusting.
There is nothing else I'd rather be doing.
She wanted to watch the new James Bond movie, but she had to dial in to a work call instead.
There’s a good chance it’ll rain tomorrow.
Of course it traumatized me.
It is interesting to read old newspaper articles and hear about all the famous people who are no longer famous.
You‘d better wear a light jacket.
It was really nice of your mom to give me a ride home from school today.
There's a lot of big game in that forest.
The findings of a new study that looked at the heart of a swimmer vs the heart of a runner underscored how sensitive our bodies are to different types of exercise.
She loved first dates because it was a great way to meet cool people.
The eggs are sold by the dozen.
They'll show you the way home when you’re drunk.
The painting looked like something out of the 1700s.
The old man liked to watch birds and go hunting for squirrels.
You look so amazing in that red dress and heels.
I need to use the bathroom.
I drink when I am thirsty.
I made a list.
She works for a big advertising firm in New York.
The man waited at the bus stop.
I'll make a statement.
You can’t know what she is feeling.
The gum was stuck under the desk and I couldn't get it off.
My show is going to come back soon.
Those hairless cats are completely loyal to their owners.
I made some eggs.
I think that little device on the wall is a bomb.
I was called into the office first.
Yes, every tweet so far has been bad, but scientists are hopeful that one day we will discover a way to make good tweets.
You can bring it back if you don't like it.
I like blueberries and mangoes but not strawberries.
He went fast down the slide.
I hope things will be different for you.
I recently lost $140 at the Casino in Cleveland because of multiple poor decisions on my part.
I wish Ubers weren't so expensive.
The kitchen required updating.
There’s a good chance it’ll rain tomorrow.
Clothes make the man.
Cats hate water.
He got a tattoo with another woman.
I'm a fan of American cooking.
It's stressful to watch other people sing.
I am afraid I have to go.
The chairs made a loud noise when we sat down on them.
We should all be sure to keep our promises, even when it is difficult.
I’d be very surprised if that happened.
The plants were growing crooked towards the window.
I eat my asparagus steamed.
She had strange, green and purple eyes.
It is necessary that he should be sent there at once.
She likes bananas.
One of the items on your wish list is on sale.
My sweater got caught on the door hinge.
He reminds me of your brother.
My father is in the office.
Tom is just a farm boy living in a big city.
They rode their respective bikes.
I had to check Facebook to figure out her last name.
This is the biggest party I've ever been to.
Those hairless cats are completely loyal to their owners.
The chocolate chip cookies smelled so good that I ate one without asking.
I wanted a little more than that, to be perfectly honest, Trevor.
When I read the list of ingredients, my stomach turned.
The squeaky wheel gets the oil.
His stomach was sore from the punch.
She doesn’t see Peter every day.
The gang's all her.
She is very responsible.
I love it because it is so comfortable.
You can’t go out with everyone who fancies you.
I need to go home.
She desperately wanted to take a nap but knew she had to be available in case her boss called her.
Being fashionable is a lot of work.
He was dressed like a bear.
It’s about as exciting as watching paint dry.
It’s time to watch TV.
Money doesn't grow on trees.
I was taking care of the dog.
Time is money.
Tom had big money problems.
She dressed up like a hot pink demon for Halloween.
The Ferris Wheel was invented in Chicago for the World's Fair in 1893.
I begin to dress.
He’s as strong as an ox.
She dreamed of one day having the flexibility to take a day off whenever she felt sick.
When you sit down for a long time, it hurts.
My dog loves treats.
I want to sit down.
Going shopping can be expensive.
It takes a lot of money to keep up such a big house.
Bumble sucks.
She liked brick, but only interesting, old, faded brick.
Lions and tigers are called big cats.
I don't want to live in a mansion.
She really didn't like the color pink, but she loved purple.
I'm a fan of American cooking.
His story is fishy.
I'm cutting down on sweets.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
He used a big piece of paper to make the bag.
You're so adorable.
It's so sunny outside.
My favorite thing about dancing is listening to the music.
A wooden bridge was built over the river.
She wished she had a key that could take her anywhere.
There was a flaky yellow stain on the living room floor from where the dog had peed.
"What a day we're having!" her mother sighed.
I gave the students a chance to say a few words too.
She hated iced coffee, but he loved it.
Black attracts sunlight more than white.
Anakin Skywalker is a tragic character.
I’d be very surprised if that happened.
"What a day we're having!" her mother sighed.
She found an old piece of paper under the fridge that had writing all over it.
I wish I had met my uncle yesterday like I was supposed to.
I think it's fine to have many credit cards, as long as you pay them off every month.
Ask your guest if you could serve them tea.
He's in debt to the bank because he bought that big house.
Sometimes I get confused where the ball went.
The camping trip was so awesome that I didn't want to come home.
Water damage sucks.
My dog loves treats.
The parents went out without the kids for once.
The words you just used were mean.
She had strange, green and purple eyes.
This is such a relatable mood.
I don't like close spaces.
On the safari she went on in South Africa, she saw lions, elephants, and meerkats.
Tom is wearing clothes that are too big for him.
I want to stand up.
There was a big party at Tom's place last weekend.
I can make my own decisions.
He wore a red shirt and khakis to Target and was mistaken for an employee.
My dad's joke kept me laughing all night.
Tom believes that Mary made a mistake when she sold her father's Stradivarius.
His boss might get angry with him.
They speak English at work.
Tom didn't tell us how big your house was.
She got hiccups and couldn't get rid of them for three hours.
I'd like to check your blood pressure.
I only eat fish.
She thought she wanted to be an editor, until she got a job and realized she hated detail work.
The conversion rate of USD to Chinese RMB is approximately 1:6.
Tigers are gorgeous.
Her parents had been separated for almost three years, but she never expected them to actually go through with the divorce.
They had a very bad breakup.
Growing up in Texas was very fun, and very muddy.
When you are a teenager you read Nietzsche.
They want Alaskan salmon for lunch.
They had a very traditional doorbell.
My dog loves treats.
When I read the list of ingredients, my stomach turned.
The cat jumped over the fence.
Oil is smelly.
I think they might have made a mistake in letting people tweet.
The girl wore her hair in two braids, tied with two blue bows.
She was a firm believer in the power of McDonald's chicken nuggets to fix all problems.
I can see you.
That is fake news.
They should hang out.
My teacher told Pat to lower his voice.
He was devastated when the Kardashians announced they were cancelling their TV show.
When one considers the issue from a different perspective, the answer seems to change.
She didn't realize there was a giant hole in her pants until after her date.
You guys can leave whenever you want.
I am a housewife.
This next part is crucial and requires deep concentration.
Her friend had a white Persian cat called Milky Boy.
It’ll happen any day now.
She knew she should be grateful but still felt sad.
She had always harbored a secret jealousy for Youtubers, even those who appeared outwardly dumb and were often mocked on Twitter.
A sun burn can peel if its bad enough.
She meant the world to me.
You have some schoolwork to do.
I have fewer brothers than you.
That television is both big and expensive.
She became homeless after she was evicted.
This should help you remember.
It's just too bad about the people though.
If I get fired from my job, I don't know what I am going to do.
Pandas are so adorable.
She hadn't cleaned her desktop in several years.
She didn't know how much more of this she could take before she snapped.
Everyone likes pepperoni pizza.
Nobody ever believed her when she told them how big her family was.
The coffee shop didn't have liquid sugar for her iced tea, so she had to use sugar packets.
He says he is you from the future, and he has come back to warn you about one thing: "you must act only according to that maxim whereby you can, at the same time, will that it should become a universal law!".
She bought a massive pack of toilet paper from Costco, which lasted her three months.
I could help mom around here.
I wish I could give you a big birthday hug.
It’s about as exciting as watching paint dry.
That is a great idea.
I am often drinking alcohol for relief from my pain/sadness.
I'm always late and I don't care.
He’s a bit tipsy.
He wanted to get the cheese so badly.
China is twenty times bigger than Japan.
When I was young, I played the guitar.
Imagine I am deciding if I like some new, heretofore untasted food.
She wanted her grandmother's old bike, but the tires were worn out and she couldn't find a shop that could replace them.
This next part is crucial and requires deep concentration.
She bought him a camera that was too clunky to fit in his shirt pocket.
It makes me forget all my problems.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with right now.
Museums can teach you a lot.
There was a 'No Smoking' sign over the doorway.
My nanny is here.
When you are a teenager you read Nietzsche.
The sunset was breathtaking.
He wished that time would pass faster.
You can't miss it.
Capitalism efficiently allocates resources according to our needs and wants.
That’s a wrap for me.
She had a black thumb.
You had me worried for a moment.
Your unintentional actions are problematic.
Thinking of the past is weird.
The mailbox was bent and broken and looked like someone had knocked it over on purpose.
Rosa likes tea better than coffee.
He is my colleague.
His speech covered many subjects.
She threw her back out.
Tom just got that big promotion he's been waiting for.
My watch is faster than yours.
I wanted to go to Milan, but the flights were expensive, so I settled for Florence.
She wanted to live in a skyscraper but she settled for a walkup.
You won't find a dog bigger than this one.
The principle of fecundity says everything imaginable exists in some place.
Whitening your teeth can be bad for them.
She fed it everyday.
I have a lot of things to tell you.
No woman would buy that.
There is a chair below the window.
He was in desperate need of a Christmas miracle.
This is the biggest party I've ever been to.
We are buzzing on this espresso.
I wish Star Wars had a happier plot.
She considered reporting her landlord for inhospitable living conditions, but she was worried they would retaliate against her.
When I read the list of ingredients, my stomach turned.
My show is going to come back soon.
When you are in your twenties you read Hegel.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
Mary brushes her teeth twice a day.
A man who looks like an older version of you appears in a flash.
The rusty containers were in the field.
He has been looking for this portal for decades.
Nobody is out there trying to be happy.
It’s as old as the hills.
He worked in a city hospital.
It's very cool to watch a bubble as it freezes over.
My mom is from China.
That big boy is bullying the little children.
Soccer is the devil's sport.
To be honest, I'm twenty.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
It's up to you.
I want to learn all of the words in the dictionary by July.
The earthquake was the scariest one that we had ever experienced.
It was a misunderstanding.
That car's so big that parking is difficult.
Her stuffed rabbit, which she had had since she was a little girl, was named Creamy Guava.
You can really get into the soul of the song with that.
It was no big deal.
You don't need 20 captains.
I’m having second thoughts about getting married so soon.
His boss will be mad at the meeting.
House prices have gone up this year.
You will soon get used to the work.
The wall had fresh paint on it.
Tom forgot his shopping list and only got half of what he wanted to.
Penguins live in Antarctica.
I hate scammers.
Dad is going to work.
They are so cute.
One cannot live on bread alone.
The reward outweighs the risk in this situation.
She had a variety of masks.
George brushes his teeth twice a day.
She knew she should be grateful but still felt sad.
The sun is shining.
It isn't a coincidence that billionaires love this plan.
My efforts resulted in nothing.
Sports is one outlet to let off steam.
He continued talking.
My phone died in the middle of the concert.
American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.
I'm a huge fan of the arts.
I am looking for a job.
He left in a huff.
There are new deals every single day.
You can decide before your flight here on Thursday morning.
Sloths hang upside down in trees.
In South Africa, there are more than three times as many lions in captivity as there are in the wild.
He gets angry easily.
The park has a soccer field.
I wanted to flirt with the barista, but suddenly, I couldn't find my tongue.
She almost invested in Apple right before it got big.
They are so cute.
Tommy lost the shopping list his mother had given him and just bought things he wanted to eat.
It was in the 1920s that a big earthquake destroyed Tokyo.
I ordered a new laptop case yesterday.
He recommended the scary book to me.
Mrs. Lee’s class took a field trip to Austin.
I love frozen yogurt.
That's the biggest grasshopper I've ever seen.
There's a lot of big game in that forest.
It's storming outside.
I met a homeless person in NY.
New China was founded in the early years of the 2300s.
It's so expensive I want to die.
He already has a lovely wife.
I wish I could go and visit my aunt tomorrow.
The girl decided to become a mortican after she watched her sister die.
The view is breathtaking.
In Australia, McDonald's is called Maccas.
She liked mustard and onions on her hotdog, but nothing else.
The stars are so bright tonight.
Be patient because I can’t do it all right now.
I fear that he drinks too much.
I just think he didn't execute it the way he needed to today.
This is too big for one person to carry.
This recipe has been in my family for 100 years.
He had a green thumb.
Michael doesn’t work.
That movie franchise is amazing.
He was dressed for work.
Don't blame her for her own death.
Tom doesn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Coca-cola is yummy.
She had never read any Nabokov, though she knew he was a classic writer.
I hate scammers.
He's always at home on Sundays.
He has a very interesting looking face.
He was in a bluegrass band with his father.
He neither smokes nor drinks.
The antique store was not like any antique store she had seen before in her life.
We may have good reason to be proud of ourselves.
My boss would have a big problem with that.
Tom's father is not written on his birth certificate.
She hated chocolate chip cookies, but she loved gingersnaps.
A white background is easier to work with.
They will be here shortly.
That park does not have a soccer field.
A man who looks like an older version of you appears in a flash.
On the other hand, I feel like I just have to do it for my sanity.
Her mom told her to calm down, but she couldn't relax.
She constantly worried about accidentally burning her house down.
She ate a sandwich for lunch which contained turkey, cheddar cheese, and slices of strawberries.
Taco Bell's Cheesy Bean and Rice burrito is the tastiest burrito on the menu, and the best deal.
The school principal was so mean that all the children were scared of him.
Tom has always had a big crush on you.
This is too hefty to easily carry.
She likes scrambled egg whites, but not scrambled eggs.
Here's a topographical map of Germany.
Complaining is a bad habit.
You should take your act on the road.
Everyone who got eliminated in red-light green-light got to go inside and eat cookies.
I have the flowers.
It’s on me.
George brushes his teeth twice a day.
She started drinking again because she felt so awkward at social gatherings.
It will definitely happen sometime in the future.
He broke his promise, which was a big mistake.
When I read the list of ingredients, my stomach turned.
She wants to be stronger, even if that means being meaner.
When he decided to investigate the crime, he had no idea he'd learn so much about his family.
I'm curious to know why they removed my name from the list.
The tree was so old that it was considered a historic monument.
He was born in Tunisia but moved to Amsterdam when he was six.
We would move to a nicer house if we had more money.
You ask somebody to tell you time.
It is going to happen on Friday.
I’ve got to go now.
It's storming outside.
I want to meet his sister-in-law.
I want to have a pink bed this year.
I prefer ice cream over cake.
Mark seems to think growing a mustache will make him look more mature.
Plenty of sleep is healthful.
He didn't know who to go as for Halloween.
Rhinestone earrings are expensive.
You can bring it back if you don't like it.
She’s as white as a sheet.
It seems all right.
I am a little mad right now.
Every year Americans pay half a trillion in rent.
I will have to be more careful.
She decided to go to K-Mart on the weekend because she was out of kimchi.
"No, it was the elephant's tail," she said.
She bought a massive pack of toilet paper from Costco, which lasted her three months.
She gave me a dirty look.
There are clothes everywhere.
It's a big country, Tom.
I made some steak.
He owes me a lot of money.
What we had was a total lie.
A double date is fun if you want to hangout with everyone.
The chickadee sat on her windowsill.
She’s the absolute best.
My hair curler is broken.
I want to sit down.
She really wanted Panera, but there wasn't a store near her.
Ed Sheeran was her background vocalist.
Sadie made a list of things she needs to buy.
It’ll happen any day now.
I can't believe you went skydiving last week.
It is all going to be all right.
You don’t have to carry much cash.
I have an ever growing list of to-do items.
I like veggies too.
These are the things that I want from a relationship.
I have a small house.
I can’t make up my mind.
These places are so beautiful.
We have weight training classes.
I am on a very tight budget.
The Grand Canyon got snow for the first time in decades, and all the tourists were very excited.
She was so stupid he couldn't help but roll his eyes.
I'm not 100% sure, but I think postmodern neo-marxists have something to do with it.
You’ll get a chance to come closer to nature, meet lots of different animals, birds, and plants.
I can’t get this lift to work.
The price just covers the pre-tax cost.
Captain America is my favorite Avenger.
She wanted to be a professor when she was in high school, but then she realized how few academic jobs there are on the market.
The wall has ears.
Her mother was losing her mind.
Having a monkey is illegal.
Children actors do their best, but they're generally very bad at being convincing.
I want chocolate.
Her fingers were hurting after playing the guitar for so long.
I do love my new pets.
We pay it tax in the form of rent and profit.
In the thunderstorm, her umbrella was turned inside out.
I think it's fine to have many credit cards, as long as you pay them off every month.
Your car is not as fast as mine.
Mike's mother lived in a big city before she married.
She is eating a midnight snack.
Truman's first big problem was the economy.
When the rain started, she ducked under an overhang.
I need to clean my room.
I was so into it, I lost track of time and missed my soccer practice.
My mom got a new job.
These guys are the best.
She woke up to the sound of the radio blaring.
She swims every morning.
Naps make me feel lazy.
I have a feeling the boss won’t be happy about this.
It was in the 1920s that a big earthquake destroyed Tokyo.
Vanilla Nesquick is the inferior form of Nesquick.
If you don't shut up, I will turn this car around.
Tom has a pain in his big toe on his right foot.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
One day, maybe, she'd be interested, but not right now.
The computer is dying on me.
I want someone who is going to inspire me.
I have no idea.
We have been waiting for this for awhile.
She didn't have anything to do, so she wandered around the city.
Most of the time, when I go to Target, I spent at least two hours looking at clothes.
Her hat was green, her mittens were yellow, and her coat was orange.
If you ask for my number, I might give it to you.
Rhinestone earrings are expensive.
As soon as we got there, we start working.
You can decide which smoothie place we go to.
She lived in constant fear of being abruptly fired.
School violence is a major problem.
I can’t make up my mind.
I fear that he drinks too much.
I'd like to check your blood pressure.
I like open parties.
I'm your lucky fellow then.
Mr. White went to the store last night.
In Japan there aren't any lakes bigger than Lake Biwa.
I own a lot of property in New York.
Workers will still have to work in order to live and pay their landlords for shelter.
I need to start.
That's one of her favorite activities: to put on a classic rock playlist and wake surf until she couldn't feel her legs.
I wouldn’t be surprised if Peter asked Jill to marry him.
My dad's joke kept me laughing all night.
She liked online dating apps because they didn't require you to meet people in-person.
I am extra ticklish for some reason.
Those pants are too tight.
I will never choose to be with you, even if we are the last two humans on earth.
I go to the bathroom.
There's a lot of danger during a big storm.
When the fire alarm went off, she almost started crying.
Maya added her name to the list of people who wanted to attend the dance.
I lost the door key yesterday and can't get in.
It didn’t live up to my expectations at the meeting.
We can go to the movies.
A wet road is usually slippery.
Two big powers have signed a secret agreement.
He writes meaningless letters.
I learned this recipe from my grandma, who learned it from hers.
I speak English.
Tom owns a very big house on Park Street.
California is in America.
I can see you.
It will definitely happen sometime in the future.
Mr. Smith thinks that he's the best.
Her hands were all scabbed over.
Every time I come in here, you're enthusiastic and helpful, and it's fantastic to see.
We have a brown dog.
Today, I met a vampire who liked to eat beets.
We know that everything we need to do is on the list.
If I get fired from my job, I don't know what I am going to do.
You use this after something broken has been repaired.
Lenora only had eight fingers, after losing both of her pinkies to a freak accident with a hay baler.
Wes likes watching old movies on Sunday nights.
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
Talking with you is a pleasure.
The dog chased the cat around the block four times.
Big time players will always make big time plays.
Your car is three times as big as this one.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
Uncle Joe gave me a red toy truck.
You may choose whatever you like.
Sadie put Richard's suggestion down on her to-do list.
He hung a picture on the wall.
I like furry animals.
He has skipped school on many occasions.
There's a lot of things she'd like to say to her.
It won’t happen in our lifetime.
The girl decided to become a mortican after she watched her sister die.
Space grey is a weird color.
This will make a real difference.
Mary was impressed by the big organ in the church.
I just walked on the furriest lawn.
He is my elder brother.
The steak is on the grill.
She was homeschooled until she was thirteen.
Meredith made a list of songs she doesn't like.
New York is the biggest city in the world.
Her landlord kept her apartment very warm.
African elephants have bigger ears than Asian elephants.
There was a big fire in my neighborhood.
She was in Australia when the COVID-lockdown started.
I want to pull my hair out.
In fact, now that I think about it, it is unfair to improve society in any way whatsoever.
He led them down the mountain.
He’s as strong as an ox.
He is with another woman.
She was depressed by the unrelenting forward march of time.
This song is very special to me.
It takes two to tango.
There are no dogs bigger than this one.
She thought she wanted to be an editor, until she got a job and realized she hated detail work.
There was a big gold star on the door.
He wears suspenders instead of a belt.
I got a new cat.
We have been waiting for this for awhile.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
You go on a holiday every summer.
They wouldn't let us leave the cabin in the middle of the night, not even to pee.
Teach a boy to fish and he gets bored quickly and plays with the worms instead.
You must have your passport to enter.
She got hiccups and couldn't get rid of them for three hours.
I just need a swimming pool.
He wanted to give his boyfriend a hug, but he was in Slovakia.
The church has pretty windows.
It’s up to you.
She wanted to talk to her mom, but her mom was busy.
I made a smoothie for you.
I'm lost on what we’re talking about.
What you said was quite true.
You know what I mean.
She was hypercritical of all writers, even those who had been published and became successful.
What you said was quite true.
We ate a big dinner and then went right to bed.
The tree was so old that it was considered a historic monument.
My favorite snack is pretzels.
She found an old piece of paper under the fridge that had writing all over it.
It’s bound to happen eventually.
The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
The tornado went down her street, straight past her house, and picked up a raccoon.
Their mom asked them to sweep up the leaves.
You have a big house.
The plants were growing crooked towards the window.
Black attracts sunlight more than white.
He assured me he would keep his promise.
I’ll do it right away.
Tom took a gulp of his drink.
I'm going to the mall.
She twisted her ankle and couldn't go to soccer anymore.
You can make ice cream.
We never found a body.
She is a composer for the harp.
Hayley Wickenheiser is an incredible human being.
Nicky is a carpenter and 911 operator.
Every store around her seemed to have retail space for lease.
His eyes were glazed over.
She wanted Chipotle but didn't want to pay for it.
To do as you suggest would be out of the question.
I'm sure Tom's name isn't on the list.
We had a snow storm last weekend.
Everyone says In-N-Out is the best fast-food restaurant in the country, but honestly, I was very underwhelmed.
I was so into it, I lost track of time and missed my soccer practice.
I want many things for myself.
Being fashionable is a lot of work.
Tom is taller than you are.
I like geography and science.
I am afraid of dark afternoons.
She really didn't like the color pink, but she loved purple.
“Jimmy,” my grandmother warns.
My favorite dress was when I spilled ketchup on it last night.
This shoe is a size bigger.
When the fire alarm went off, she almost started crying.
I broke my phone.
She wasn't sure if she liked her job or not, but she was sure it was better than being unemployed.
It was no big deal.
She hated the color pink, even though she had loved it as a child.
The baby threw up all over her new white dress.
Nothing ever really took off.
Back in the day, I was a checker-playing champion.
She bought a rotisserie chicken at the grocery store and its juices spilled all over the inside of her canvas bag.
There is nothing else I'd rather be doing.
It's raining outside.
She was born to dance.
He didn't know where he was supposed to go for his interview.
If you want one piece of advice from me, it's to freeze your oranges before you eat them.
I’ve been able to cure my neighbor’s sick cat.
I need to look at your car.
The girl lived in a very expensive apartment, but didn't take care of it.
I love frozen yogurt.
It makes a difference to me.
I just saw the weirdest sidewalk.
When the pigeon pooped on her she screamed.
This room is just about big enough.
The advanced technology is what sold me.
You had me worried for a moment.
She liked the color green, so she decided to make her entire bedroom green, and even installed green carpet.
We cook every day.
Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you.
Bad news travels fast.
The number of miraculous self-healings will rise.
Nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer.
There is nothing else to do today.
She was nervous all the time, for reasons she did not understand.
My water bottle is white and made of steel.
He carried the bananas in a cardboard box on his head.
We've been trying to go there for so long.
An ENT removed the bug from his ear.
The girl was sitting on the ledge.
The ball is red.
Tom asked me if he was invited to the party.
She ordered a mass box of fifty-two mac and cheese packets online.
I own a lot of property in New York.
If I get fired from my job, I don't know what I am going to do.
Diamonds are forever.
I didn’t want to take a side in the argument.
I have the flowers.
I only know one language right now.
I got a smoothie while I was waiting for my plane to arrive.
There are eggs in the nest.
I have fewer brothers than you.
I run four miles every morning.
Tell the leadership I will take full responsibility.
If you don't pay your taxes, the police show up and force you to.
He fixed the sleeve under his coat.
The wall had fresh paint on it.
Big men are not always strong.
She liked brick, but only interesting, old, faded brick.
Nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer.
He was sick of applying for jobs on job boards.
She was very tired as a general rule.
The chandelier swayed in the breeze, sending dust drifting over the tables.
It's a significant part of history.
They lived in Germany until 1939.
I always overpack,.
She meant the world to me.
The president gets a lot of criticism.
You’ll get a chance to come closer to nature, meet lots of different animals, birds, and plants.
He wished that time would pass faster.
There are new deals every single day.
He was such a beautiful man she reconsidered her current relationship.
You can always count on your pet pig to perform some tricks for you when you’d like to impress a pretty girl.
He won an election.
I want to have fun with you.
Her grandmother still had an old-fashioned, dial phone.
It was all just a big misunderstanding.
There's creepers everywhere.
Pandas are fat.
I was so into it, I lost track of time and missed my soccer practice.
My buddy is going to pick me up after school and give me a ride to work.
One constellation that most people know is the Big Dipper.
It was a maze of rubber wiring.
Perhaps you should've gotten a bigger one.
He wanted to give his boyfriend a hug, but he was in Slovakia.
He wore a red shirt and khakis to Target and was mistaken for an employee.
When he saw the notebook at the market, he knew his husband would love it.
There are many things that confuse me about that.
Kids are wearing masks.
The sun rises at the east.
Historical sites are awesome to walk through.
I’d be very surprised if that happened.
I want your life to be better than mine was.
It is what it is.
Tom has written down the things we need to do.
It would be quite impossible to enumerate all the things in existence.
She hopes to get a job.
I made a big mistake thinking he was an honest man.
Everything will be okay in the end.
I've got to shave before work.
I want to sit down.
He owes me a lot of money.
Your name is definitely not on the list.
She had a dice with over twenty sides.
The bully at school was mean to everyone except me.
I think they might have made a mistake in letting people tweet.
They painted the coffee shop ceiling black.
I also have two credit cards.
He got a tattoo with another woman.
Michael doesn’t work.
It is growing cold.
The river flows so fast.
There are so many sandwiches on the table.
He is opening the door.
He got a fantastic performance review.
Ronald gave Milena a list of all the victims.
Judith Jarvis Thompson is the best philosopher of all time.
A big crowd gathered at the scene of the fire.
The chocolate chip cookies smelled so good that I ate one without asking.
I just made it.
There's a scary thunderstorm on way.
My cat runs very fast.
The plants were growing crooked towards the window.
She meant the world to me.
She wasn't sure how people with full-time jobs managed the lack of vacation days.
You took out someone you cared for.
I'm a huge fan of the arts.
They’re as different as night and day.
I wish I could go and visit my aunt tomorrow.
She was drenched the moment she stepped outside.
He wears suspenders instead of a belt.
The girl lived in a very expensive apartment, but didn't take care of it.
She likes bananas.
He said I was going to invest in great stocks.
She wished she had taken the other job.
That's why I'm broke.
You can always find baked goods somewhere in my pantry.
I put on my slippers.
Tom answered all the questions on the list.
Ask no questions and hear no lies.
Pandas should come hug me.
The book about women's rights was so profound it made her cry.
We don't need to do everything on the list.
There used to be big trees around my house.
It was the start of a golden age for French restaurants in New York that continued for decades.
Bailey wishes he had a nicer car.
She paid fifteen dollars for the milk bottle because it was vintage.
The gods help those who help themselves.
The school principal was so mean that all the children were scared of him.
It didn’t live up to my expectations at the meeting.
He was president from 2008 to 2016.
They were the nation's biggest business.
You need is to calm down.
They make wonderful walking buddies.
The broken leg isn't Tom's biggest problem.
She didn't realize there was a giant hole in her pants until after her date.
Henderson started the American Communist's Club when they were in tenth grade.
Running along the golf course, she tripped and twisted her ankle.
They made crispy chicken.
I wish I were a bird.
I want to go to France.
She mixed up the recipes and accidentally made a beef parfait.
I am hungry.
Tom is already on top of it.
She was scared by the earthquake.
I am often drinking alcohol for relief from my pain/sadness.
We go to a gallery every Sunday.
Thomas added his own name to the list of people who wanted to take part in the dance.
She is my elder sister.
Help yourself.
His last play was a big hit.
It's an important company.
There were seven balloons at the store.
Workers will still have to work in order to live and pay their landlords for shelter.
I'll be right with you.
I want to invest in some stocks now.
I think you're great.
I have a hairless cat.
There is a bridge over the river.
She broke the pot two hours after she bought it.
There used to be a big pond around here.
We live in Texas.
We are coming up to it.
She smiled so hard her front tooth popped out.
A ninety-year-old man finished the Athens marathon last year.
His boss might get angry with him.
The fan was blowing on my feet.
She run across the soccer field like a duck.
The chickadee sat on her windowsill.
I thought you guys had a big party tonight.
Sloths hang upside down in trees.
I'm asking as a friend.
Tom pulled out a big wad of cash out of his pocket.
She works for a big advertising firm in New York.
I don't owe you anything.
The box was wrapped in paper with tiny silver and red glitter dots.
Tom wants a house with a yard and a white picket fence.
The wall has ears.
We can get ice cream.
I am the designated survivor.
She liked the feeling of the keyboard under her fingers.
Bridges are art.
The tall girl tied her tennis shoes and went outside.
My eyes are sweating.
She found an old piece of paper under the fridge that had writing all over it.
He didn't want to go to the party, but he had already said he would go.
I brought home the trophy.
I am here to be pushed to a higher level.
Hairless cats are probably cold a lot.
They're a guerilla movement.
I almost hit a wild rooster crossing the road and that’s pretty much the Kansas experience.
He is worried about you.
I had dinner with George Washington last night.
Blue eyes are brighter than brown.
The nurse asked me which medications I was taking.
I do not like meat.
She knew she should apply to jobs, but she was so tired, she really just wanted to take a day off.
I’ve been able to cure my neighbor’s sick cat.
It is illegal to buy and sell tigers and other big cats in the United States.
I’m sorry to interrupt you.
I wished that father could be here to see this.
The bleeding isn't Tom's biggest problem.
Everything has a beginning and an end.
I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete.
I want to be married.
I need to start stealing things.
These men are hard at work.
The boys are in the championship wrestling match.
You can’t know what she is feeling.
The news that she got divorced was a big surprise.
She painted her face purple for Halloween, so she could go as a grape.
That's why I'm broke.
In fact, now that I think about it, it is unfair to improve society in any way whatsoever.
They’re as different as night and day.
Water damage sucks.
The job was bigger than I anticipated.
My mom made a milkshake with frozen bananas and chocolate sauce.
His mom was so upset that he knew he couldn't tell her the truth.
Albert is so cute.
I like your haircut.
He owes me a lot of money.
I am just extremely proud of him.
I’ll do it right away.
The plant was fake but looked very real.
She enjoyed the creative challenge of trying to randomize her writing.
She gave up on babysitting after she had to change the baby's first diaper.
This town isn't big enough for both of us.
That's the problem.
I wanted to flirt with the barista, but suddenly, I couldn't find my tongue.
I wish you would make a list of the newly published books.
There's a big pile of mail on your desk.
They don't take care of that dog.
The snail has a hard shell.
There were rats all over the neighborhood.
I’ll stay here until you come back.
He is capable of the crime.
He was excited to get on the ski slope.
You need therapy.
I've narrowed the list of possibilities down to three.
She thought the new Dune movie was dull, but her boss loved it.
Babies are so cute but fragile.
I met a homeless person in NY.
He changed his favorite color by the day.
The train leaves every morning at 6AM.
We must obey the rules or go to jail.
I am on a very tight budget.
It was no big deal.
The sun comes up in the east.
At the bookstall, she bought two books, Interior Chinatown by Charles Yu and Orange World by Karen Russell.
She was too dull to keep his attention for more than a few minutes.
She liked vintage jeans because they fit her better.
Your house is beautiful.
When the fire alarm went off, she almost started crying.
Naps make me feel lazy.
We generally sing songs all together.
They want to make it bigger.
My water bottle is white and made of steel.
She bought a book at Powell's.
If you don't get me a cheetah for Christmas, I will tell everyone you are the worst parents ever.
You're suffering from allergies.
She was hypercritical of all writers, even those who had been published and became successful.
I have a name and a surname.
He was dressed like a bear.
I'm going to see a movie.
She liked Dune, but it didn't pass the Bechdel Test.
He found my lecture very interesting.
I put on my slippers.
You're not looking at the big picture.
You have a red stain on your sweater.
If you turn right, you will see a big building.
I don't know where the list of my friends went.
There's a lot of things she'd like to say to her.
On her birthday, she decided to skip work, and instead got on a plane to Wisconsin.
One morning, I found an elephant in my pajamas.
That box is too big to put in the trunk of the car.
Once you begin you must continue.
House prices have gone up this year.
She didn't know how much more of this she could take before she snapped.
All the bikes locked up outside the subway station are missing either a wheel or a seat.
The sunset was breathtaking.
Those apples are very red.
Diamonds are forever.
Truman's first big problem was the economy.
I could help dad around here.
We stayed an extra night because we were having so much fun.
He assured me he would keep his promise.
We can get Oreo ice cream.
I had to put a pin in his femur.
I love frozen yogurt.
I've always been a big fan of Jean Reno.
He is capable of the crime.
This glass is breakable.
She disliked her husband.
He liked to read blogs from middle-aged moms with children.
The box was wrapped in paper with tiny silver and red glitter dots.
I need therapy.
Going to a bar is a fun thing to do.
Her mother was losing her mind.
She wished applying for jobs was easier.
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
The mother read a story to her son.
Sam felt sick after eating five huge candy bars.
Rosa likes tea better than coffee.
I need a dollar for the vending machine.
Her dress was blue with white and pink polka dots, and it was ripped down the back.
That's typically how it goes now.
I only eat glazed donuts.
She enjoyed the creative challenge of trying to randomize her writing.
You look so amazing in that red dress and heels.
Historical sites are awesome to walk through.
I need to go back to school.
He thinks he is very handsome.
You can bring it back if you don't like it.
There is one open baby swing.
Love is blind.
I’m convinced that you don’t actually like me.
The wall has ears.
She forgot to water the plant for two months.
Tom has big plans.
She knows New York like the back of her hand.
She did it knowing it was wrong — knowing he wouldn't do as he promised, that her work was useless, that he was going to kill again anyway.
She cut out stars and taped them all over her dress.
Tom wants a nicer house.
She had a dice with over twenty sides.
She had never had prosecco but she wanted to try it.
I’m also too poor to afford a real office.
The shitty thing about having a big account is you can end up generating a huge amount of controversy just by tweeting something totally normal and obvious, like "all anime is terrible" or "Stalin did nothing wrong".
She really didn't like the color pink, but she loved purple.
My eyes are sweating.
The shopping list included a gallon of milk.
What we had was a total lie.
I have lived in Shanghai for a long time.
Tom made a big donation to the hospital.
My family isn't such a big family.
That's a pretty big job to do all by yourself.
I pick you up in front of the hotel.
I want to invest in some stocks now.
We pay it tax in the form of rent and profit.
That is a pencil.
We usually eat our biggest meal of the day at noon.
The girl was sitting on the ledge.
We drink coffee every morning.
I think she likes me.
I love land.
Wearing bows was her favorite thing to do.
Save your appetite for dinner.
She is poor but quite respectable.
She played him like a violin.
Bowls can be any color.
Nobody ever believed her when she told them how big her family was.
He recommended the scary book to me.
Tom took a big breath and blew out the candles.
Anakin Skywalker is a tragic character.
Bonds are safer.
Hairless cats look demonic.
He is trying to imitate the speaker's pronunciation.
When you finish your rice, you can eat dessert.
I saw some cool vintage chairs in a thrift store, but I really need to stop buying things.
My mom drove me to school fifteen minutes late on Tuesday.
She wanted to buy a really nice pan, but it was $120, and that was almost a full day's work.
When the pigeon pooped on her she screamed.
I am on a very tight budget.
It is hard to be a writer if you don't do anything but read books.
I wanted to flirt with the barista, but suddenly, I couldn't find my tongue.
Donuts with cream are nasty.
If you don't get me a cheetah for Christmas, I will tell everyone you are the worst parents ever.
There are chips that I want in that vending machine.
I'm single.
There is nobody else I could go with.
You can tell that the horse is fast.
She loved to visit new coffeeshops, especially when they were cheap.
She's laying her first egg.
Judith Jarvis Thompson is the best philosopher of all time.
She ate a sandwich for lunch which contained turkey, cheddar cheese, and slices of strawberries.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
I haven't spoken t o my childhood best friend in over a decade.
The last city I wanted to visit was Boston.
We cook every day.
If you don't give me your cookie, I will stomp on your foot and break your toes.
I stepped into the elevator and pressed the down button.
I go to the bathroom.
I was so thirsty I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
The baby was so cute but she was crying so loud I had to plug my ears.
There was a big reception after the wedding.
In Costa Rica, they drank beers and played foosball until someone puked.
She found an old piece of paper under the fridge that had writing all over it.
My eyes are sweating.
The church was white and brown and looked very old.
Time is money.
There are too many people talking at once.
The Soviet Union: goes from a backwards agrarian society to the Space Age in 50 years, while almost single-handedly defeating the Nazis.
He is my classmate.
It takes a lot of money to keep up such a big house.
He's not the problem, I am.
I haven't spoken t o my childhood best friend in over a decade.
Penguins live in Antarctica.
I would rather stay at home alone.
A balanced diet is a cookie in each hand.
It's a big deal to Tom, I think.
She was hyped up and ready to get to work.
We are good friends.
True communism will not be achieved until every last person on earth has been cancelled.
You don't need 20 captains.
We need congressional support.
The peanut butter jar was hard to open.
If Tom finishes his homework, he can watch TV.
I would like to make toast.
Lenora only had eight fingers, after losing both of her pinkies to a freak accident with a hay baler.
I'll see you tonight at eight.
We can make ice cream.
There are so many cute places to eat around here.
When you enter a room, smile and say hello.
I'm going to see a movie.
You don’t listen to me.
He showed us how to snap the pencil.
The dog barked at the cat.
She had so many books that she stacked them and used them as tables.
I can tell you're angry about the time change.
She thought the new Dune movie was dull, but her boss loved it.
That's a bit of an exaggeration.
This carpet is big enough to cover the whole floor.
If you don't shut up, I will turn this car around.
She was very tired as a general rule.
I like your haircut.
A double date is fun if you want to hangout with everyone.
The technology is unbeatable.
She had a grudge against GrubHub.
Tom recognized three of the names on the list.
The new movie was not as good as I thought it would be.
You console your children, not yourself.
We love the idea of taking over a legacy restaurant.
I am the designated survivor.
Well, that's a big surprise.
Today is a great day.
I didn't want to make a big deal about it.
My pet Roger is white and fluffy and he loves to eat carrots.
They're giving a big ball at the American Embassy tonight.
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
It is what it is.
He adds something different to the team.
Tom's name was at the top of the list.
I am so happy to see you today.
She was convinced her father was a master chef.
You need to be able to justify why you're wearing yellow socks in a formal environment.
He wished that time would pass faster.
Every store around her seemed to have retail space for lease.
I’m taking a little road trip to Oklahoma City this morning.
My sister has a friend over.
I don't know where the list of my friends went.
There was a big party at Tom's place last weekend.
It was impossible to determine how long they would be stuck in traffic.
Technology makes us forget our past.
I was so thirsty that I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
My dad never works on the weekends.
On her seventeenth birthday, she jumped from her house's third-floor balcony.
Tom's name was at the top of the list.
She usually has to give in to her big sister.
Mike likes dogs.
Bridges are art.
Tom kept me from making a big mistake.
Daya chose a song from the list to sing.
The chocolate chip cookies smelled so good that I ate one without asking.
The airplane went through such bad turbulence that everyone thought they were going to die.
I'm your lucky fellow then.
It’s getting dark.
That box is too big to put in the trunk of the car.
When he saw the notebook at the market, he knew his husband would love it.
In Australia, Burger King is called Hungry Jacks.
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.
His eyes were glazed over.
The dessert tasted very sweet.
I had to stop Tom from making the biggest mistake in his life.
She is a composer for the harp.
My boss would have a big problem with that.
You, as the maker, get to decide the design.
A black ship is anchored near here.
Her mom told her to calm down, but she couldn't relax.
He’s not telling the whole truth.
These dancers are like family.
The girl picked the pink flower out of her garden.
Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
In the thunderstorm, her umbrella was turned inside out.
She hated the color pink, even though she had loved it as a child.
He said he didn’t want to hotwire a car.
The president gets a lot of criticism.
She got all dolled up for her big date.
There's a lot of things she'd like to say to her.
George works on a small farm.
I’m convinced that you don’t actually like me.
Bowls can be white.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I'd like to run a stock farm.
I want to see the film again.
We have weight training classes.
Another cat showed up at my house.
I like open spaces.
The windows looked out over the backyard.
In Japan there aren't any lakes bigger than Lake Biwa.
Everything will be okay in the end.
Complaining is a bad habit.
There were four people playing the game: her, her boyfriend, her boyfriend's roommate, Steve, and Steve's girlfriend, Cara.
It's very cool to watch a bubble as it freezes over.
Tom's apartment is way too big for just one man.
I will never forget that day.
You had me worried for a moment.
She spread the bread with socks.
You can start from the basic stitches, and go from there.
You set me up and I don't appreciate it.
I’ll buy you a drink.
It makes a difference to me.
Tom pulled out a big wad of cash out of his pocket.
The feelings on my side were real.
To be honest with you, I am older than you think.
He went fast downhill on his sled.
Her mug froze solid in the winter cold.
The air conditioner stayed in the window well into December.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
We have a big oak tree in our backyard.
You'll move more than before.
I want to have fun with you.
This is my younger brother.
I have a friend whose father is the captain of a big ship.
There's a big package on the desk for you.
It’s as light as a feather.
I want the stability of a full-time job, but I'm not interested in the rigidity of working nine to five.
She wants to be stronger, even if that means being meaner.
Tom is used to driving a pickup truck, but he's never driven a monster truck.
I can't believe you went skydiving last week.
Tom can't remember all his passwords, so he keeps them in a list disguised as phone numbers.
You use this when someone is very afraid or very sick.
She liked vintage jeans because they fit her better.
The train is coming early today.
It was impossible to determine how long they would be stuck in traffic.
He feels small next to him.
It's raining and thundering.
You're already big enough to do it by yourself.
She fell and got a bruise on her thigh that was shaped like Texas.
She desperately wanted an order of Kung Pao chicken.
He has a nice restaurant near the lake.
She wants to be a dentist.
The President is back.
No woman would buy that.
It is a myth that the Great Wall of China can be seen from space.
The cafe is empty aside from an old man reading a book about Aristotle.
I hope you're ready for action.
His mom let him play with a slingshot.
She appreciated all the time people spent on her.
She was an extremely fast typer, and could usually manage over ninety words a minute.
When you finish your rice, you can eat dessert.
This room is just about big enough.
You have a beautiful home.
We would move to a nicer house if we had more money.
The pool was green and covered in gross-looking algae.
She could do it in her sleep.
The parents went out without the kids for once.
Tom is just a farm boy living in a big city.
He wished that time would pass faster.
Penguins live in Antarctica.
She hated the taste of butter so much that it made her gag.
He has a short fuse.
Communism was the biggest issue in the campaign.
The new movie was not as good as I thought it would be.
I wanted a little more than that, to be perfectly honest, Trevor.
I have no money at the moment.
I have not opened the door.
It’s not so bad when you think of the positive impacts.
I want a complete list of your books.
He is trying to imitate the speaker's pronunciation.
The chocolate chip cookies smelled so good that I ate one without asking.
Oysters are slimy.
The church was white and brown and looked very old.
You’re not allowed to use your phone here.
Wearing bows was her favorite thing to do.
Tom let out a sigh of relief.
She hated chocolate chip cookies, but she loved gingersnaps.
I'm going to see a movie.
We go to a gallery every Sunday.
You're pulling my leg.
The earth goes round the sun.
I was so thirsty that I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
She hopes to get a job.
It was a misunderstanding.
She was the one that got away.
I make my own yogurt.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with right now.
Our past is important to remember.
This is the biggest party I've ever been to.
I need to clean my room.
I feel like I am going to pass out.
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood's biggest extravaganza.
Many trees are in the forest.
The app wasn't loading for me.
A black ship is anchored near here.
It's hard to beat him.
It's raining and thundering.
You're pulling my leg.
Imagination is something that's so important.
She fell and got a bruise on her thigh that was shaped like Texas.
They can be taught to feed themselves if you allow them access to your pantry.
Pluto may not be a planet anymore, but it's a planet in my heart.
He got shot in the stomach, but he didn't die.
I can’t believe how right I was back then.
Laken bought a computer at thirty percent off the list price.
The stars are so bright tonight.
She’s an excellent photographer.
When the rain started, she ducked under an overhang.
Tom has written down the things we need to do.
She will buy the red sweater.
Make hay while the sun shines.
I made roast beef.
My brother just got home.
I was bored to tears.
I'll be back.
She wasn't sure where all the lesbian bars had gone.
I'd rather live in a small town than in a big city.
Doing more exercise will help you get rid of a few kilos.
I'll make a statement.
Mary was impressed by the big organ in the church.
She didn't have anything to do, so she wandered around the city.
He wore a red shirt and khakis to Target and was mistaken for an employee.
I made a smoothie for you.
It was really nice of your mom to give me a ride home from school today.
They could be together.
If you don't shut up, I will turn this car around.
The choice was mine.
His room had white walls, a small bed, a mirror, a metal sink, and a metal toilet in it.
I like blueberries and mangoes but not strawberries.
That is not a pencil.
He is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
You look especially nice tonight.
I want you to remember that.
I seriously doubt she actually believes you.
She mixed up the recipes and accidentally made a beef parfait.
Anticipating a cold winter, we bought a bigger stove.
The shower was too hot when I first got into it.
Tom didn't tell us how big your house was.
She wanted to go to Portland just to go to the bookstores.
I forgot my shopping list at home.
Japanese tourists abroad are big spenders.
I have not opened the door.
The truth is, you really only have one choice.
You might want to consider how cute they look in pajamas.
She wanted to be an heiress, but her parents were both data entry specialists.
He changed his favorite color by the day.
There's a gross fly on the ceiling.
In the next 40-50 years I plan on opening up my own business.
It's raining and thundering.
I'm crying.
I'm sick of online dating.
I think that little device on the wall is a bomb.
Lenora only had eight fingers, after losing both of her pinkies to a freak accident with a hay baler.
My boyfriend loves this song.
The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Your car is three times as big as this one.
The antique store was not like any antique store she had seen before in her life.
They go to a gallery every Saturday.
She forgot to water the plant for two months.
She had so many books that she stacked them and used them as tables.
Its origin is still a mystery.
I want to go there someday.
Peter's cottage is very nice.
The nurse asked me which medications I was taking.
Perhaps you should've gotten a bigger one.
On her next trip to California, she really wants to try In-N-Out.
Your neighbor cut down my trees.
Three big men attacked him and stole his money.
Everyone knew about the slimy stuff she was up to.
He drives more carefully than you do.
Yes, he’s very good-looking.
Our past is important to remember.
You must be happy.
Blue eyes are brighter than brown.
The table had a black marble top.
She’s headed to the Hockey Hall of Fame.
He gets angry easily.
Maya added her name to the list of people who wanted to attend the dance.
She fell and got a bruise on her thigh that was shaped like Texas.
The room had green wallpaper with yellow flowers all over it.
He wished that time would pass faster.
Juice was something I never drank.
Children actors do their best, but they're generally very bad at being convincing.
The squeaky wheel gets the oil.
Bumble sucks.
Those hairless cats are completely loyal to their owners.
He found my lecture very interesting.
She promised she would reserve a room for me.
The coach smiled at the player who tossed the frisbee.
She waited all day for her boss to call, but heard nothing.
The park has a soccer field.
I'd heard you were on the waiting list.
When I think about space too much, it feels like my brain is going to explode.
With these headphones, I can't hear anything.
She likes scrambled egg whites, but not scrambled eggs.
She reads like a child playing dress-up, an intern clothing herself out of her mother’s old work clothes.
I'll be right with you.
I feel bad for telling him to wait.
The church has pretty windows.
We weren't in the best place.
I could cook dinner.
She doesn’t study German on Mondays.
My efforts resulted in nothing.
He was wearing a green fur coat.
He was sick of applying for jobs on job boards.
I was just added to a group chat with 300 people.
I am starting work soon.
When I was a kid, I wanted to be a doctor, but now that I'm an adult, I don't want to do anything.
When she was little, she hated cheese so much that she even pulled it off her pizza.
The alligator's teeth were so scary that I ran back to the car as fast as I could.
I would like to make toast.
His liver was failing.
The horse raced past the barn and fell.
Tom is looking for a bigger house to live in.
Her brother broke his arm playing hockey.
Over the years, she learned how to make a neat scarf.
I’m debating between option A and option B.
He had an old pickup truck and a big, battered mower.
This could become a problem.
I'd like to look at the wine list.
My teacher told Pat to lower his voice.
I have something to tell you.
She took offense at his comment.
Everyone was in on the joke except for me.
The puzzle was taking me so long to put together that I gave up and threw it in the garbage.
His shirt is covered in sweat.
She disrespected my mother.
I go to the bathroom.
I turn off the light.
I'm single.
Tom has a pain in his big toe on his right foot.
Tom wants a discount.
Sadie made a list of things she needs to buy.
When he saw the notebook at the market, he knew his husband would love it.
I gave the students a chance to say a few words too.
The big building was blazing with lights.
My boyfriend loves this song.
Being fashionable is fun.
I prefer to go rather than to stay.
She doesn’t study German on Mondays.
She works for a big advertising firm in New York.
She wanted to be an heiress, but her parents were both data entry specialists.
I need a dollar for the vending machine.
I shouldn't have used the word "password" as my password.
They make wonderful walking buddies.
I have no idea.